Something invisible
Who made you hit and reduce the swelling?
inherit
A white lotus like him
The surface looks at you
It's actually tricky.
Don't be deceived by him
You misunderstood.
He didn't mean to
I have my responsibilities here too
Sorry.
I asked you out, bitch
Tried to rob my brother before
Now you're stealing my boyfriend again
Don't force your ideas on others
Not everyone is like you
What nonsense are you talking about?
Don't you know if I'm talking nonsense?
You were the one who stole my ex-boyfriend
Oh, really?
I have a deep connection with the inheritance
Don't pick a shuttle, you bitch
deep love
Miss Xia, it seems that I have to remind you
You can only remember half a month ago
You and my ex-boyfriend are at Binjiang University
Intimate kissing
And it's true.